Add documentation for custom test framework reporting (#3640)
Shopify/ruby-lsp: jekyll/test_framework_addons.markdown

```

You can refer to implementation examples for [Minitest and Test Unit](https://github.com/Shopify/ruby-lsp/blob/d86f4d4c567a2a3f8ae6f69caa10e21c4066e23e/lib/ruby_lsp/listeners/test_style.rb#L10) or [Rails](https://github.com/Shopify/ruby-lsp-rails/blob/cb9556d454c8bb20a1a73a99c8deb8788a520007/lib/ruby_lsp/ruby_lsp_rails/rails_test_style.rb#L11).

## Custom reporting

To report test execution results to the extension side, frameworks should be hooked up with a custom reporter that sends

> JSON RPC events. To hook up the custom reporter, add-ons should include whatever CLI arguments necessary as part of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON RPC events. To hook up the custom reporter, add-ons should include all CLI arguments necessary as part of
```
nit: just personal preference

  def test_errored(test_object)
    RubyLsp::LspReporter.instance.record_skip(id: id, uri: uri, message: "Test errored because...")
  end

  # Record that an example failed, which shows a red X in the UI and displays the failure message
  def test_failed(test_object)
    RubyLsp::LspReporter.instance.record_fail(id: id, uri: uri, message: "Test failed because...")
  end

  # Record that an example skipped, which shows a skipped status in the UI
  def test_skipped(test_object)
    RubyLsp::LspReporter.instance.record_skip(id: id, uri: uri)
  end

  # Normal shutdown flow, when all tests ran without crashing the test process itself
  def after_all_tests_finished_running
    LspReporter.instance.shutdown
  end
end

# This is required to cleanup the explorer in case the normal execution of tests errors. For example, if the user
# writes a bad require and the test process crashes before even starting to run examples
MyFrameworkGem.after_run_is_completed do
  RubyLsp::LspReporter.instance.at_exit
end
```

{: .important }
The IDs and URIs used to report results **must match** the ones used during test discovery to ensure that the outcomes
are associated with the right items.

{: .note }

> If your test framework is based on Minitest or Test Unit, reusing their reporting structure, you may not need to
> register custom reporters and can simply rely on the ones automatically registered by the Ruby LSP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your test framework is based on Minitest or Test Unit and leverages their reporting structure, you may not need to
add custom reporters. Instead, you can simply rely on the ones automatically registered and provided by the Ruby LSP.
```
nit: I had to re-read a couple times. Maybe I need more coffee ☕  but I re-worded a bit 😄
